A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
THE STAFF OF AYSHEL - III
[Victoria] Jack...
Jack!
[Jack groans]
[continues groaning]
What were you thinking? Huh?
What happened?
Kirtash nearly killed you.
[Jack groans]
[sighs] Kill me?
How?
I wasn't there! My body...
Kirtash kills with his look, Jack.
If he gets in your mind, that's it.
Luckily, we got you out in time.
Our enemies wiped out the two most
powerful races in Idhun in one day,
and you want to take them on alone?
Sorry...
I just tried to help.
I wanted to be useful.
Never mind, it could have been worse.
Much worse.
Kirtash could have got to Limbhad
through your mind,
and we'd all be in danger now.
[sighs] I didn't know!
I'm very sorry. I was stupid.
You can say that again.
Go back to your room.
And get some rest.
You must have an awful headache.
[Victoria] Hmm.
So...
did you see Kirtash?
What was he doing?
Um... I'm not sure.
He and Elrion
were looking at a book in Idhunese.
[Elrion] You were right. It's...
[Jack] Probably not important,
but I can't imagine
Kirtash doing anything just like that.
-[Kirtash] Hmm...
-[Elrion gasps] Huh?
[Jack gasps]
They were in some place... [groans]
I can't really describe it.
-I could try drawing it--
-Hang on!
-Here you are.
-[Jack chuckles softly]
It was... an unusual building.
[murmurs quietly]
Hey, Jack, you draw very well.
[chuckles] I've been drawning
since I was little.
That's it.
Does this place ring a bell?
No, but it won't be difficult
to find it online.
I'll get cracking on that.
[grunting]
[Alsan] You were supposed to be
in your room resting.
I'm not tired.
You should be.
You've been training really hard lately.
[grunts] I still need to improve
a lot more.
You sure learn fast.
Yeah, but what's the point?
I know what you're gonna say.
"You're not yet ready
to join the Resistance."
I never will be, will I?
Nothing could be farther
from the truth, Jack.
You're the most promising pupil
I've ever had.
-Are you kidding me?
-Not at all.
I've trained many boys in my kingdom,
and no one ever learned this fast.
Why haven't you told me that before?
Because you still need
to learn to be patient
and stop to think from time to time.
There's one thing about you
I don't like...
that hate blinds you
and makes you do silly things...
like spy on Kirtash through the Soul.
I was trying to be useful.
You already are,
but you're also obsessed with Kirtash.
You're so reckless, he can kill you
the next time you come face to face.
And I don't want
to lose a great future warrior
who's already a friend.
[gasps] I know I messed up...
but I promise never to let you down again.
I know, son.
We all make mistakes.
I'm with you, I know you won't.
IMAGE SEARCH
SIMILAR IMAGES
[footsteps]
Hey. You look better.
Have you spoken with Alsan?
He was looking for you.
Yes, and he's right. [sighs]
I'm impulsive and reckless
and almost got myself killed.
Never mind.
Just learn to think more about things.
I won't learn
just through training unfortunately.
-[Victoria gasps]
-Will you help me?
What are you getting at?
You're much more level-headed.
Your advice would be useful.
Okay,
but don't complain if I start
poking my nose in your business, okay?
[Jack] Deal.
Thanks for everything, Victoria.
You're a true friend.
[computer alert chimes]
Hmm! Hey, Jack, have a look at this.
-Have you found it?
-[Victoria] I think so.
The building you drew, right?
Yes! The place I saw through the Soul.
Do you know what it is?
-The British Library in London!
-[Jack] Mmm.
In my vision, Kirtash had a book.
Do you think he got it from there?
I think so.
Hey, look at this.
[clicks mouse]
[reporter]
Tell us about your research, Mr. Parrell.
What can you say
about your latest finding?
Is it as enigmatic as they say?
[Parrell] This book was found
in a broken jar...
during an archaeological excavation.
It's in a completely unknown language.
We're trying to decode it.
That's Peter Parrell,
an ancient languages specialist
who works at the British Library.
-[Shail shuffles pages]
-[Jack] That's the book I saw.
Can you make it bigger?
What?
Sacred Irial!
You understand what it says?
I think that could be
the Book of the Third Age.
If that's the case,
what you have discovered
is very important.
Why? What's the Third Age?
That was the time
when magic was forbidden in Idhun.
The priests said that magic
was the work of the Seventh, the dark god.
The magicians were hunted down,
imprisoned and executed.
Some of them managed
to escape to other worlds, like Earth.
[faint echoing yelling]
But they also made it to Limbhad.
They built this house
and they were the first ones
to make contact with the Soul.
And it seems that they brought from Idhun
many magical objects to safeguard them.
Among them...
The Staff of Ayshel?
Yes, that's right.
But the staff is not in Limbhad.
What happened to it?
We don't know.
Uh...but those magicians wrote down
all of their experiences in a diary.
Of course! The Book of the Third Age.
But I don't understand
why Kirtash wants it.
In fact, the staff is...
No! It can't be!
What's wrong?
If he discovers how to use it,
the staff could take him to Lunnaris.
Oh, no!
Lunnaris? Who is that?
Well, we have to get that book
as soon as possible.
Jack and Victoria, you're coming with us.
Can I take a weapon?
That won't be necessary.
We're not fighting, just investigating.
[Jack huffs]
[engines rumbling]
[Alsan groans]
[Victoria and Jack giggling]
[cars honking]
-[Jack] Watch out!
-[car engine revving]
[tires screeching]
[Victoria gasps]
You, bastard son of the Seventh,
son of a thousand snakes!
You almost killed me!
Why don't you look where you're going?
[Victoria giggles]
[clears throat] Excuse me,
it was you who had the red traffic light.
Traffic light? What are you talking about?
These colored lights
regulate traffic, Alsan.
We've talked about this before.
Have you guys really been here
for two years?
Hey, how do you expect me
to worry about colored lights
when my world is in danger?
Look at it this way,
you haven't survived the shek invasion
just to get run over because you weren't
paying attention to a traffic light.
[traffic light beeping]
See? We can cross now.
[Alsan sighs]
[Alsan panting]
-[car honks]
-[Alsan yells]
Let's go.
Well? What now?
-What do we do?
-Look, guys.
There's a rare manuscripts reading room.
We could start by asking there.
Fine.
Both of you, go to that room
and see what you can find out.
Shail and I will look in Parrell's office.
We'll meet back here later. Got it?
[man on telephone] We've looked for
the book everywhere and we can't find it.
What's worse, all the digital copies
we had in the library are gone as well.
How could this happen?
Was it a computer glitch?
I have a copy at home.
I'll take it to you right away.
[man on telephone] Hurry, Mr. Parrell.
If the book still can't be found,
we'll call the police.
-[Parrell sighs]
-[icy wind blows]
[Parrell gasps]
Who are you?
How did you get into my house?
-[Parrell groans]
-[Elrion] Shut up!
We will be asking the questions.
We want you to hand over
all the copies of the book.
[stutters]
Copies? I don't know what you're…
There's a copy on the computer,
but I'm sure it's not the only one.
I have an idea.
[ominous music playing]
How did you manage
to get so much out of the librarian?
Well, I told her I wanted
to be a librarian when I grow up.
[chuckles] And guess what.
Looks like IT may have saved
the Book of the Third Age
because they make digital copies
of all of the ancient books.
Maybe we can decipher it
before Kirtash does!
I'm afraid not, Victoria.
Not only has the manuscript disappeared,
but all of the digital copies, too.
Kirtash was very thorough.
We know that Parrell has a copy at home.
Let's go find it.
But we don't know where he lives.
Well, don't forget,
a magician has his tricks.
Looking it up online. Some trick!
Well, it's a trick
that you hadn't thought of.
-[cell phone jingles]
-Eh?
Hey, I got it!
[Victoria] This guy is very untidy.
Nothing, right? I can't find anything.
Maybe Kirtash came here already
and messed everything up.
If he has been here, I can assure you
that he's left everything as he found it.
-[drawer opening]
-Nothing.
It's as though Parrell
had never seen the Book of the Third Age.
This is all very strange.
Where is Peter Parrell?
And why can't we find the book
on his computer?
Because Kirtash
probably got here before us again.
Let's keep looking.
Maybe Parrell didn't have a copy
on his computer,
but there must be another copy somewhere.
Look at this.
Maybe what we're looking for is inside.
No way we would be so lucky.
Couldn't hurt to try.
[computer chimes]
What is that exactly?
[Jack] It's used to store information.
And the Book of the Third Age
could fit in something so small?
Mmm... It seems so.
We've found the Book of the Third Age.
How is it possible
that Kirtash didn't find it?
Because this isn't exactly what it seems.
Very good. We have it. Let's go back home.
[printer whirring]
There's no question...
it's a form of ancient Idhunese.
Do you recognize these symbols?
Some, but most of them are different
from the ones you taught me.
[footsteps]
I'm not good at ancient books either.
-Shall we train?
[Jack] Mm-hmm.
Let's go.
I think it will be more useful for you
to brush up on the history.
[dramatic music playing]
[Victoria] The Second Age began
with the rise of Emperor Talmannon...
a sorcerer who overpowered
all the magicians
thanks to the power
of the Eye of the Snake.
-[music continues]
-[dragon yelps]
[Victoria] The sheks defeated the dragons
and drove them out of the world.
And so began a dark age in Idhun.
[serpents screeching]
[Victoria] The unicorns decided to step in
and they chose Ayshel...
a young woman from the Forest of Awa.
The unicorn didn't grant her
the gift of magic,
because it didn't want Talmannon
to suppress her will.
But its mere presence was enough
to turn her into a kind of half-magician.
The unicorns created a weapon for her
and bestowed their power upon it.
With the staff and a small rebel army,
Ayshel defeated
all of Talmannon's lieutenants
and made her way to the emperor himself.
[dramatic music continues]
[Victoria] Ayshel defeated him
and took the Eye of the Snake
away from him,
freeing the magicians
from his enslavement.
The dragons returned from exile
and banished the sheks,
condemning them to roam
the limits of the world forevermore.
Peace returned to Idhun,
but Ayshel did not survive the battle.
The Maiden of Awa
gave her life for the cause,
and forever remained
in the hearts of those who knew her.
[Victoria sighs]
This story has a really sad ending,
doesn't it?
Something wrong?
It's just, this makes no sense.
Indeed, it mentions the staff,
but the sentence looks incomplete.
Eh...
"We asked the sons of Kash-Tar
to hide the staff
from those who sought it out.
And the chosen place was this."
-What else does it say?
-Nothing else.
Just some words that make no sense
in any form of Idhunese that I know.
It could be the name of a place,
couldn't it?
Let me see.
[in Idhunese] "Tarkandi alais-tadem..."
[in Idhunese] "Alais-ta-din", Victoria.
"Tarkandi alais-ta-din valerea kon."
-[table jingles]
-[electrical crackling]
-[Victoria gasps]
-[Shail] Watch out.
[wind howling]
[Victoria gasps]
[Victoria] The staff is in…
Africa?
[both grunting]
[Jack grunts]
-[Jack grunts]
-[Alsan gasps]
[Jack grunts]
You're dead.
Huh...
Well done, Jack.
Hey, guys, we were right!
The book talks about the Staff of Ayshel.
And it contains a locating spell.
Finally.
[gasps]
May the six gods protect you always!
My name is Alsan,
son of King Brun
and heir to the throne of Vanissar.
We wanted to ask you some questions.
My name is Kopt.
My ancestors fled Idhun
during the Third Age, but some stayed.
A Yan colony on Earth?
How is it possible
that nobody discovered you?
[Kopt] The humans think we are demons.
I'm all that remains and my time is nigh.
We had a mission to fulfill.
To safeguard the Staff of Ayshel, right?
If it falls into the wrong hands...
We have to take it to a safe place
before Kirtash finds it.
[Kopt] Why should I give it to you?
-[Alsan growls]
-[Shail] Wait.
His clan has guarded the staff
for generations.
He won't give it
to the first one who asks.
I understand,
but at least allow us to see it.
[Kopt] Okay, but in all these centuries,
nobody has been able to touch it.
[footsteps echoing]
Wait a moment.
Huh? What's up?
There's something bad in there.
Can't you feel it?
I think the Yan lied to us.
[Jack] Wait! It's a trap!
Alsan!
[panting] Alsan!
[Shail] What's wrong?
I don't know if the staff is there or not,
but Kirtash got here before we did.
What?
[Jack] The Yan let him in.
[Kopt quickens pace]
[Jack and Victoria panting]
[all panting]
[Victoria gasps]
-[Jack] No!
-Alsan! No! Alsan!
Don't go near him or I'll--
-He's baiting you. Don't fall for it.
-[Jack growls]
-[Jack] Let go!
-[Victoria] No!
-[Jack yells]
-[Shail] No, Jack!
[sword shatters]
-[Kirtash] You didn't stand a chance.
-[Jack grunts]
[Jack growls]
-[bang]
-[electrical crackling]
[faint echoing whispers]
What's going on here?
I... I don't know how I did it!
We have the staff!
[Kirtash] And I have your prince.
Are you willing to make an exchange?
[Victoria] Huh.
You can't use it, can you?
Because you are not half-magicians,
whereas I am.
The staff answered her call...
so now, it belongs to her.
That can be fixed.
Include the girl in the exchange
and you will save Alsan's life.
If you free Alsan first, I...
I will go with you.
Don't listen to him.
It's a trap.
If you go near him, he will kill you.
That's not true.
She's in no danger,
because I need her to use the staff.
So, make up your minds.
I don't have all day...
and neither does Alsan.
[both gasp]
[ethereal music playing]